EyeLink Data Visualization Research README

In this project, I worked on cleaning the eyelink data and then worked to process the data into visualizations. The format of the data is hoenstly a bit annoying, but hopefully with these tips you will be able to figure it out (I have also included screenshots of SR-Support emails in this folder for
further reference).

Process:

1. To get the data, you either have to convert the EDF file into .asc or you have to download the session data. This can be done in a few ways. First,
using the the SR-Support EDF2ASC converter is the best place to start. Once you have the .asc data you can convert it into a .txt using an online
converter. From there, I loaded it into Excel for data cleaning. The other approach is to open the .edf in DataViewer and go to the navigation bar
and select download session data (kind of weird formatting on the export however).

2. Once the data is in Excel, you will have a lot of cleaning to do. You can use my Excel file (TestTargetValues.xlsx) as a guide if you are using
a different .edf (if it's the same .edf which for me was Ankur02.edf, I would just use my Excel). Essentially, you have to scroll to where the
experiments start (I chose SmoothPurSustained_1 for mine) and you can see target values. You then need to comb through and get rid of any data that is
not normal frame capture or target position (this bad data is going be called SFIX, EBLINK or other stuff like that). At the end of the day, you 
just want the eyeposition data and target positions.

3. Once this Excel file is all cleaned, remember what line the experiment you want to look at starts and load it into the Python (Jupyter Notebook)
file (you will have have to change some for loops for the correct time stamps).

4. Once the data is in a Pandas dataframe you are all set to work on it (my code is commented as well)

Extra Info:
In the .asc file (which you should convert into .txt) the data value columns are as such:

TIMESTAMP  RIGHT_EYE_X  RIGHT_EYE_X  RIGHT_PUPIL_SIZE  LEFT_EYE_X  LEFT_EYE_X  LEFT_PUPIL_SIZE  WEIRD_JUNK

I realize that this is a lot and a little confusing, but please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions and I can try to answer
the best that I can. Also, the SR-Support people (especially Kurt DeBono) at the email support@sr-research.com are fantastic at answering
questions and respond pretty quickly.

My Contact Info:
AJ Ferrara
201-661-1267